Le [petit|adjective*|name|pronoun] chat de la [jeune|adjective*|name|pronoun] voisine
The TextArea control is an [advanced|adjective*|name|pronoun] editor that supports formatted rich [text|adjective|name*|pronoun]. [It|adjective|name|pronoun*] can be used to display HTML and other rich document formats. Internally, TextArea uses the QQuickTextDocument class to describe both the high-level structure of each document and the low-level formatting of paragraphs.
If you are viewing this document in the Text Editor example, you can edit this document to explore Qt's rich text editing features. We have included some comments in each of the following sections to encourage you to experiment.  
Font and Paragraph Styles
TextArea supports bold, italic, and underlined font styles, and can display multicolored text. Font families such as Helvetica and Courier can also be used directly. If you place the cursor in a region of styled text, the corresponding controls in the tool bar will change to reflect the current style, font size and color.
Paragraphs can be formatted so that the text is left-aligned, right-aligned, centered, or fully justified.
Try changing the alignment of some text and resize the editor to see how the text layout changes. 
Lists
Different kinds of lists can be included in rich text documents. Standard bullet lists can be nested, using different symbols for each level of the list: 
Disc symbols are typically used for top-level list items. 
Circle symbols can be used to distinguish between items in lower-level lists.
Square symbols provide a reasonable alternative to discs and circles. 
Ordered lists can be used for tables of contents. Different characters can be used to enumerate items, and one can use both Roman and Arabic numerals in the same list structure: 
Introduction
Qt Tools 
Qt Assistant
Qt Designer
Form Editor
Component Architecture
Qt Linguist

The list will automatically be renumbered if you add or remove items. Try adding new sections to the above list or removing existing item to see the numbers change. 

Images
Inline images are treated like ordinary ranges of characters in the text editor, so they flow with the surrounding text. Images can also be selected in the same way as text, making it easy to cut, copy, and paste them. 
￼ Try to select this image by clicking and dragging over it with the mouse, or use the text cursor to select it by holding down Shift and using the arrow keys. You can then cut or copy it, and paste it into different parts of this document.
Tables
TextArea can arrange and format tables, supporting features such as row and column spans, text formatting within cells, and size constraints for columns. 


 
Development Tools 
Programming Techniques 
Graphical User Interfaces 
9:00 - 11:00 
Introduction to Qt 
11:00 - 13:00 
Using qmake 
Object-oriented Programming 
Layouts in Qt 
13:00 - 15:00 
Qt Designer Tutorial 
Extreme Programming 
Writing Custom Styles 
15:00 - 17:00 
Qt Linguist and Internationalization 



Try adding text to the cells in the table and experiment with the alignment of the paragraphs.
Undo and Redo
Full support for undo and redo operations is built into TextArea and the underlying rich text framework. Operations on a document can be packaged together to make editing easier for the user.
Try making changes to this document and press Ctrl+Z to undo them. You can always recover  the original contents of the document. 
111